That's probably not very good.
It doesn't matter.
I used to help my dad wear a tie
Remember uncle
Thanks.
How long have you been kneeling that day?
It didn't take long for a day and a night
The leg doesn't hurt anymore
Let me know if it still hurts
I'll get someone to take you to the doctor
Thank you uncle
sister
Seduce my man when I'm not around
I'd like to see what flowers you can find
Book me a ticket to Memories Fang Bug tonight
Uncle, are you alright?
Uncle, let me get you a walking tour
Hey
Brother, how dare you take advantage of me
Uncle, what are you talking about?
I don't understand.
You seduce me so that I can fall in love with you
I will kill Wang Yu, right?